Yash Shah

To build this application, first create the application directory with npx create-react-app chorus-lapilli. We can use a lot of the similar work from the tic-tac-toe application tutorial, so for now we can copy over the index.js and index.css files from my-app to this directory and work around that. 

First, we must implement the first new rule, that is, after the first three moves for both 'X' and 'O', one now has to use their existing pieces to win the game. 

To do so, we first have to create a restriction in freely selecting squares, that is, only allow to freely select squares till stepNumber is equal to 6. Refer to line 77. 

If step number is greater than 6, then we check if the current player's mark is at the center to validate rule 2 of this game. 

If the player's mark is in the center, then we force the player to move the center mark to an adjacent position. Refer to line 97.

If the player's mark is not in the center, then we allow the user's choice in determining which mark to move by allowing them to click one of their mark's spot to delete the tile. They are not allowed to move their mark to the same spot as the spot they picked the mark up from, nor in the tile of another mark.

If the spot is open, then we check if the position attempting to be placed on is adjacent to the spot picked up from. To create this function, we can create an array of 9 entries, one associated for each position in the box where each index holds an array of all the indexes adjacent to the index spot. We can input the picked position and placed position to determine which array of adjacent indexes to look at, and parse through to determine if the placed position matches one of those indexes. 

If the spot chosen is adjacent to the spot picked up from, then we can set that spot to the player's mark and update the state of the gameboard to reflect these changes.

Output of npm pack --dry-run:

yash@Yashs-MacBook-Pro-2 chorus-lapilli % npm pack --dry-run       
npm notice 
npm notice 📦  chorus-lapilli@0.1.0
npm notice === Tarball Contents === 
npm notice 736B  src/index.css       
npm notice 1.7kB public/index.html   
npm notice 3.9kB public/favicon.ico  
npm notice 6.6kB src/index.js        
npm notice 492B  public/manifest.json
npm notice 817B  package.json        
npm notice 3.4kB README.md           
npm notice 5.3kB public/logo192.png  
npm notice 9.7kB public/logo512.png  
npm notice 67B   public/robots.txt   
npm notice === Tarball Details === 
npm notice name:          chorus-lapilli                          
npm notice version:       0.1.0                                   
npm notice filename:      chorus-lapilli-0.1.0.tgz                
npm notice package size:  24.1 kB                                 
npm notice unpacked size: 32.7 kB                                 
npm notice shasum:        45dc287c124c2611c66803142ebf8f980cfc3ac9
npm notice integrity:     sha512-QddboI5ZbsBa0[...]gHmhdp9dlobXA==
npm notice total files:   10                                      
npm notice 
chorus-lapilli-0.1.0.tgz
